.\" IPA-GPO-INSTALL - Prepare FreeIPA for Group Policy Management
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2025 BaseALT Ltd.
.\"
.\" This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.TH IPA-GPO-INSTALL 8
.
.SH NAME
ipa-gpo-install \- Prepare FreeIPA for Group Policy Management
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBipa-gpo-install\fP [ --check-only ] [ --debuglevel \fILEVEL\fP ]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ipa-gpo-install
 Prepares a FreeIPA server for group policy management by extending the LDAP schema with group policy-related
 object classes and creating the necessary directory structure.

The utility performs several checks and necessary actions:
.IP \(bu 4
Extends the FreeIPA LDAP schema with group policy object classes
.IP \(bu 4
Installs AD trust support if it is not already installed
.IP \(bu 4
Creates the SYSVOL directory structure
.IP \(bu 4
Configures the Samba SYSVOL share
.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB--check-only\fP
Only perform checks without making changes.
.TP
\fB--debuglevel \fILEVEL\fR
Set the debug level: 0=errors, 1=warnings, 2=debug. Default is 0.
.
.SH "EXIT CODES"
.TP
\fB0\fR
The application successfully completed.
.TP
\fB1\fR
An error occurred during execution.
.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB/var/log/freeipa/ipa-gpo-install.log\fR
The ipa-gpo-install log file.
.TP
\fB/var/lib/freeipa/sysvol\fR
The SYSVOL directory for storing group policies.
.TP
\fB/etc/samba/smb.conf\fR
The Samba configuration file.
.
.SH REQUIREMENTS
This utility requires a correctly installed and configured FreeIPA server. It must be run with root privileges on the FreeIPA
 server and requires a valid Kerberos ticket for a user who is a domain administrator or a member of the 'admins' group.
.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
ipa-adtrust-install(1), ipa(1), kinit(1)
.
.SH BUGS
Please report any bugs to the ALT Linux Bugzilla bug tracking system at https://bugzilla.altlinux.org/ for this package.
.
.SH AUTHOR
skachedubov@altlinux.org
